when it comes to protecting your home or
business
Samsung security delivers peace of mind
24 hours a day seven days a week
hi I'm Michael Phillip for Samsung the
Samsung SDE 4001 eight channel video
system is your complete video security
solution all in one box with an 8
channel DVR 4 box cameras and 2 dome
cameras this is the total high-quality
security experience you'd expect from
Samsung designed to be totally
plug-and-play your system will be up and
running in just 3 easy steps and once
you're set up the easy to use menu
screen lets you customize a wide variety
of features including changing your
language to english spanish or french
space isn't an issue thanks to the one
terabyte Seagate hard drive you'll have
an extra large capacity for storing your
recorded footage right on your DVR plus
the DVR also utilizes the latest h.264
compression technology which extends
your recording time even further video
is recorded in real time 240 images per
second giving you exceptional visual
quality and archiving recorded video is
a snap using any standard USB 2.0 drive
samsung security systems are flexible
allowing you the option for a variety of
recording options cameras can be set for
constant recording or customized to have
each camera record at scheduled times or
only when motion is detected you can
even search through your recorded video
by event or time both box and dome
cameras provide a clear crisp picture
and the Samsung box cameras are ip66
compliant completely water and dust
proof they can be placed anywhere inside
or out even in the harshest conditions
no matter where you mount your cameras
single cables for both video and power
allow you the freedom to place them
anywhere even if there is no electrical
outlet in the area
night vision capable both box and dome
cameras can detect and even show objects
as far as 50 feet away in complete
darkness each camera comes with 60 feet
of standard ethernet cable and if you
need to expand your camera coverage
samsung cameras can be extended up to
600 feet going away with the innovative
Samsung Quick Connect software in three
easy steps
you'll have the ability to monitor any
of your cameras remotely from anywhere
in the world
imagine accessing your system on your PC
or smartphone no matter when or where
you are Samsung lets you remotely
control DVR functions to change motion
detection settings view recorded camera
video and more remotely from your PC you
can even have alerts sent automatically
by email to your PC and smartphone when
an event occurs like motion or camera
video signal loss and if you have more
than one Samsung system another unique
feature of the SDE 4001 allows you to
manage all your cameras from all your
systems with samsung smart viewer
technology see it all on one screen
without having to log in and out of each
individual system if you have any
questions or need help with your system
Samsung provides lifetime tech support
whatever you need our tech support staff
will be waiting to assist you so if
you're looking for a high quality video
security experience look no further than
a simple and secure Samsung SDE 4001
you